Rearrange main README (#329)
1Password/scim-examples: README.md

# 1Password SCIM Bridge deployment examples

You can deploy 1Password SCIM Bridge on any supported infrastructure that allows ingress from your identity provider and egress to 1Password servers. Here you'll find configuration files and best practices to help with your deployment.

## Before you begin

Before you begin deploying 1Password SCIM Bridge,

> - learn more about [automating provisioning in 1Password using SCIM](https://support.1password.com/scim/).

Reviewer: Nitpick: Capitalising start of bullet point for consistency and readability
```suggestion
- Learn more about [automating provisioning in 1Password using SCIM](https://support.1password.com/scim/).
```

> - review the [Preparation Guide](/PREPARATION.md). The guide will help you plan for some of the technical components of the deployment and consider some issues you may encounter along the way.

Reviewer: Nitpick: Capitalising start of bullet point for consistency and readability
```suggestion
- Review the [Preparation Guide](/PREPARATION.md). The guide will help you plan for some of the technical components of the deployment and consider some issues you may encounter along the way.
```

## Cloud platforms examples

> Platform-native solutions sorted by cloud service provider:

Reviewer: Nitpick: Consider simplifying the subheading to 'Solutions by cloud platform' for improved brevity and readability, echoing terminology in main heading.
```suggestion
Solutions by cloud platform:
```

### Microsoft Azure

- [Azure Container Apps using ARM (Azure Resource Manager) template](https://support.1password.com/scim-deploy-azure/)
- [Azure Kubernetes Service using Cloud Shell](https://support.1password.com/cs/scim-deploy-azure-kubernetes/)

### Amazon Web Services (AWS)
- ✨ **BETA** [Amazon ECS using CloudFormation](/beta/aws-ecsfargate-cfn)
- [Amazon ECS using Terraform](/aws-ecsfargate-terraform)

### Google Cloud (GCP)

- [Cloud Run using Cloud Shell](/beta/google-cloud-run)
- [Google Kubernetes Engine using Google Cloud Marketplace](https://support.1password.com/scim-deploy-gcp/)

### DigitalOcean

- [App Platform using DigitalOcean console](https://support.1password.com/cs/scim-deploy-digitalocean-ap/)
- [DigitalOcean Kubernetes using DigitalOcean Marketplace](https://support.1password.com/scim-deploy-digitalocean/)

> ## Generic examples

Reviewer: Nitpick: Consider replacing "Generic examples" with "Platform-agnostic examples" or "Self-hosted examples options". A more descriptive term in line with the "Cloud platform examples" heading, that describes the Docker, Kubernetes, and Helm Chart examples.
```suggestion
## Platform-agnostic examples
```

We include examples for Azure Container Apps, Google Cloud Run, and DigitalOcean App Platform.

### Beta deployments

Our beta deployment examples represent early efforts to provide a working solution using some new platform or tooling. Each uses the same container image as our stable deployment examples. These deployments _should_ work, but aren't guaranteed and may change in the future.

See the [README](/beta/README.md) in the `/beta` directory for more information about this designation.

## Deprecated deployment examples

A list of recently-deprecated deployments can be found in [`/deprecated`](./deprecated/). At the time of deprecation, these deployments were fully functional, but will soon become unsupported.

We sometimes deprecate deployment examples that become irrelevant, usually when a new deployment example is released that is a more desirable solution for that cloud service provider or platform.

### Recently deprecated

- [Docker Compose & Docker Swarm](https://github.com/1Password/scim-examples/blob/main/deprecated/docker)

> See the [README](/deprecated/README.md) in the `/deprecated` directory for more information about this designation and suggested alternatives.

Reviewer 2: This reads a bit better in the context of the above suggested changes and flow:

```suggestion
These examples were moved to the [`/deprecated`](/deprecated) directory. You can learn more about this designation and find suggested alternatives in [`/deprecated/README.md`](/deprecated/README.md).
```

- [Azure Kubernetes Service using Cloud Shell](https://support.1password.com/cs/scim-deploy-azure-kubernetes/)

### Amazon Web Services (AWS)

- ✨ **BETA** [Amazon ECS using CloudFormation](/beta/aws-ecsfargate-cfn)
- [Amazon ECS using Terraform](/aws-ecsfargate-terraform)

### Google Cloud (GCP)

- [Cloud Run using Cloud Shell](/beta/google-cloud-run)
- [Google Kubernetes Engine using Google Cloud Marketplace](https://support.1password.com/scim-deploy-gcp/)

### DigitalOcean

- [App Platform using DigitalOcean portal](https://support.1password.com/cs/scim-deploy-digitalocean-ap/)
- [App Platform using DigitalOcean CLI & 1Password CLI](/do-app-platform-op-cli)
- [DigitalOcean Kubernetes using DigitalOcean Marketplace](https://support.1password.com/scim-deploy-digitalocean/)

## Generic cloud deployments

For physical server or virtual machine on-premise or custom cloud deployments:

### Docker

- [Docker Swarm using Docker CLI](/docker)

### Kubernetes

- [Kubernetes using kubectl CLI](/kubernetes)
- [Helm Chart using Helm CLI](https://github.com/1Password/op-scim-helm/tree/main/charts/op-scim-bridge#installation)

## Choosing a deployment method

> The choice of deployment method depends on your available or preferred cloud service provider or infrastructure, as well as the platform and tooling that you use or prefer. All deployment examples are based on the same container image for 1Password SCIM Bridge that is pulled from Docker Hub.
> Here are some additional details to help you make an informed choice:

Reviewer: Adding some whitespace to increase readbility, and an alert
```suggestion
The choice of deployment method depends on your available or preferred cloud service provider or infrastructure, as well as the platform and tooling that you use or prefer. 

> [!NOTE]
> All deployment examples pull the same public [`1password/scim`](https://hub.docker.com/r/1password/scim) container image from Docker Hub.

Here are some additional details to help you make an informed choice:
```

> ### Marketplace app deployments

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> For a guided deployment of 1Password SCIM Bridge that connects to your 1Password account to automatically generate and load credentials from 1Password, choose a marketplace app. These are off-the-shelf deployments that are not customizable, require creating a public DNS record, and have strict networking requirements.
> 
> We publish these apps to [DigitalOcean Marketplace](https://marketplace.digitalocean.com/apps/1password-scim-bridge) and [Google Cloud Marketplace](https://console.cloud.google.com/marketplace/product/agilebits-public/op-scim-bridge).
> 
> ### Containers as a Service deployments
> 
> Many cloud service providers offer **Containers as a Service** (or **Platform as a Service**) deployment platforms. These solutions include DNS and TLS certificate management out-of-the-box for a speedier deployment with a much lower expected cost and burden of maintenance. These examples are suitable for use in a production environment, include common configuration options, and can be used as a base for your own custom deployment.
> 
> We include examples for Azure Container Apps, Google Cloud Run, and DigitalOcean App Platform.
> 

Reviewer: Moved `Containers as a Service deployments` to be above `Marketplace app deployments`. Adding bullet points and whitespace to increase readability.

```suggestion
### Containers as a Service deployments

Many cloud service providers offer **Containers as a Service** (or **Platform as a Service**) deployment platforms. These solutions offer:
- DNS and TLS certificate management out-of-the-box
- Speedier deployment
- Lower expected cost and burden of maintenance

These examples are suitable for use in a production environment, include common configuration options, and can be used as a base for your own custom deployment.

We include examples for Azure Container Apps, Google Cloud Run, and DigitalOcean App Platform.

### Marketplace app deployments

For a guided deployment of 1Password SCIM Bridge that connects to your 1Password account to automatically generate and load credentials from 1Password, choose a marketplace app. These are off-the-shelf deployments that:
- Are not customizable
- Require creating a public DNS record
- Have strict networking requirements

We publish these apps to [DigitalOcean Marketplace](https://marketplace.digitalocean.com/apps/1password-scim-bridge) and [Google Cloud Marketplace](https://console.cloud.google.com/marketplace/product/agilebits-public/op-scim-bridge).

```

Reviewer 2: Agreed, but:

- needs white space before the list
- changed bullet items to lower case

```suggestion
### Containers as a Service deployments

Many cloud service providers offer **Containers as a Service** (or **Platform as a Service**) deployment platforms. Compared to other platforms, these solutions offer:

- DNS and TLS certificate management out-of-the-box
- speedier deployment
- lower expected cost and burden of maintenance

These examples are suitable for use in a production environment, include common configuration options, and can be used as a base for your own custom deployment.

We include examples for Azure Container Apps, Google Cloud Run, and DigitalOcean App Platform.

### Marketplace app deployments

For a guided deployment of 1Password SCIM Bridge that connects to your 1Password account to automatically generate and load credentials from 1Password, choose a marketplace app. These are off-the-shelf deployments that may be a suitable choice, but:

- are not customizable
- require creating a public DNS record
- have strict networking requirements

We publish these apps to [DigitalOcean Marketplace](https://marketplace.digitalocean.com/apps/1password-scim-bridge) and [Google Cloud Marketplace](https://console.cloud.google.com/marketplace/product/agilebits-public/op-scim-bridge).

```

You can deploy 1Password SCIM Bridge on any supported infrastructure that allows ingress by your identity provider and egress to 1Password servers. Here you'll find configuration files and best practices to help with your deployment.

### Before you begin

Before you begin deploying 1Password SCIM Bridge, 
- learn more about [automating provisioning in 1Password using SCIM](https://support.1password.com/scim/).
- review the [Preparation Guide](/PREPARATION.md). The guide will help you plan for some of the technical components of the deployment and consider some issues you may encounter along the way.

## Cloud Platforms
### Azure
- [Azure Container Apps (CaaS)](https://support.1password.com/scim-deploy-azure/)

>    - [Container Apps advanced customizations](/azure-container-apps/ADVANCED.md)

Author: Do we want to list the ones that use the same service (aca) but different tools? I think 1 might be enough.

- [Azure Kubernetes Service](https://support.1password.com/cs/scim-deploy-azure-kubernetes/)

> ### AWS

Reviewer 2: Don't forget the `s`!

```suggestion
### Amazon Web Services (AWS)
```
or just

```suggestion
### Amazon Web Services
```

(Do we need the acronym? It will be in the listed deployment methods as well)

- ✨ **BETA** [AWS with CloudFormation](/beta/aws-ecsfargate-cfn)
- [AWS ECS Fargate with Terraform](/aws-ecsfargate-terraform)

### GCP
- ✨ **BETA** [Google Cloud Run (CaaS)](/beta/google-cloud-run)
- [Google Cloud Marketplace](https://support.1password.com/scim-deploy-gcp/)

### Digital Ocean

> - [Deploy 1Password SCIM Bridge on DigitalOcean Marketplace](https://support.1password.com/scim-deploy-digitalocean/)

Reviewer 3: Do we always want to list the CaaS option first?

> - [Deploy 1Password SCIM Bridge on DigitalOcean Marketplace](https://support.1password.com/scim-deploy-digitalocean/)

Author: i'd say yes to that question

- DigitalOcean App Platform (CaaS)
  - [using web portal](https://support.1password.com/cs/scim-deploy-digitalocean-ap/)
  - [using CLI](/do-app-platform-op-cli) 

> ## On-prem

Author: Should we do `Generic` or `Generic cloud`? Since this category includes examples that can be used outside of cloud platforms as well.

- ✨ **BETA** [Docker](/beta/docker)
- [Docker Compose & Docker Swarm](/docker)
- [Kubernetes](/kubernetes)

## Choosing a deployment method

Choosing a deployment method comes down to which infrastructure and tool you mainly use in your organization. Under the hood they all use the same Docker image and serve the same purpose of a SCIM bridge. Below are some more information on terminologies used in each deployment method.

### Marketplace apps

> For an automated deployment of 1Password SCIM Bridge where some settings are pre-configured for you, use a marketplace app from Google Cloud Platform or DigitalOcean.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For a guided deployment of 1Password SCIM Bridge that connects to your 1Password account to automatically generate and load credentials from 1Password, choose a marketplace app. These are off-the-shelf deployments that are not customizable, require creating a public DNS record, and have strict networking requirements.

We publish these apps to [DigitalOcean Marketplace](https://marketplace.digitalocean.com/apps/1password-scim-bridge) and [Google Cloud Marketplace](https://console.cloud.google.com/marketplace/product/agilebits-public/op-scim-bridge).
```

> ### Containers as a service (Caas) deployment options

Reviewer 2: Do we need the acronym? Headings should be surrounded by white space.

```suggestion
### Containers as a Service deployments

```

> Containers as a service (CaaS) can simplify your deployment by using the built-in tools of the CaaS for DNS and certificate management. This gives you an easy, low-cost SCIM bridge with minimal infrastructure management requirements.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Many cloud service providers offer **Containers as a Service** (or **Platform as a Service**) deployment platforms. These solutions include DNS and TLS certificate management out-of-the-box for a speedier deployment with a much lower expected cost and burden of maintenance. These examples are suitable for use in a production environment, include common configuration options, and can used a base for your own custom deployment.

We include examples for Azure Container Apps, Google Cloud Run, and DigitalOcean App Platform.
```

> ### Beta deployment methods

Reviewer 2: Prefer examples. Headings should be surrounded by white space.

```suggestion
### Beta deployment examples

```

> The beta deployments _should_ work, but aren't guaranteed and will change in the future. See the [README](./beta/README.md) for more information about the "beta" designation.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Our beta deployment examples represent early efforts to provide a working solution using some new platform or tooling. Each uses the same container image as our stable deployment examples. These deployments _should_ work, but aren't guaranteed and may change in the future.

See the [README](/beta/README.md) in the `/beta` directory for more information about this designation.
```

## Deprecated deployment methods

> 

Reviewer 2: Prefer examples. Suggest we cut out the rest of this section as well (I can't suggest changes to lines that weren't amended).

```suggestion
## Deprecated deployment examples

We sometimes deprecate deployment examples that become irrelevant, usually when a new deployment example is released that is a more desirable solution for that cloud service provider or platform.

### Recently deprecated

 - [Docker Compose & Docker Swarm](https://github.com/1Password/scim-examples/blob/main/deprecated/docker)

See the [README](/deprecated/README.md) in the `/deprecated` directory for more information about this designation and suggested alternatives.

```
